pages/pages-root-folder/index.md, before:

---
#
# Use the widgets beneath and the content will be
# inserted automagically in the webpage. To make
# this work, you have to use › layout: frontpage
#
layout: frontpage
header:
  image_fullwidth: header_unsplash_12.jpg
widget1:
  title: "Blog & Portfolio"
  url: 'http://phlow.github.io/feeling-responsive/blog/'
  image: widget-1-302x182.jpg
  text: 'Every good portfolio website has a blog with fresh news, thoughts and develop&shy;ments of your activities. <em>Feeling Responsive</em> offers you a fully functional blog with an archive page to give readers a quick overview of all your posts.'
widget2:
  title: "Why use this theme?"
  url: 'http://phlow.github.io/feeling-responsive/info/'
  text: '<em>Feeling Responsive</em> is heavily customizable.<br/>1. Language-Support :)<br/>2. Optimized for speed and it&#39;s responsive.<br/>3. Built on <a href="http://foundation.zurb.com/">Foundation Framework</a>.<br/>4. Seven different Headers.<br/>5. Customizable navigation, footer,...'
  video: '<a href="#" data-reveal-id="videoModal"><img src="http://phlow.github.io/feeling-responsive/images/start-video-feeling-responsive-302x182.jpg" width="302" height="182" alt=""/></a>'
widget3:
  title: "Download Theme"
  url: 'https://github.com/Phlow/feeling-responsive'
  image: widget-github-303x182.jpg
  text: '<em>Feeling Responsive</em> is free and licensed under a MIT License. Make it your own and start building. Grab the <a href="https://github.com/Phlow/feeling-responsive/tree/bare-bones-version">Bare-Bones-Version</a> for a fresh start or learn how to use it with the <a href="https://github.com/Phlow/feeling-responsive/tree/gh-pages">education-version</a> with sample posts and images. Then tell me via Twitter <a href="http://twitter.com/phlow">@phlow</a>.'
#
# Use the call for action to show a button on the frontpage
#
# To make internal links, just use a permalink like this
# url: /getting-started/
#
# To style the button in different colors, use no value
# to use the main color or success, alert or secondary.
# To change colors see sass/_01_settings_colors.scss
#
callforaction:
  url: https://tinyletter.com/feeling-responsive
  text: Inform me about new updates and features ›
  style: alert
permalink: /index.html
#
# This is a nasty hack to make the navigation highlight
# this page as active in the topbar navigation
#
homepage: true
---

<div id="videoModal" class="reveal-modal large" data-reveal="">
  <div class="flex-video widescreen vimeo" style="display: block;">
    <iframe width="1280" height="720" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/3b5zCFSmVvU" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
  </div>
  <a class="close-reveal-modal">&#215;</a>
</div>

Commit message:

Added the main section on the home page from the previous site with some corrections

pages/pages-root-folder/index.md, after:

---
#
# Use the widgets beneath and the content will be
# inserted automagically in the webpage. To make
# this work, you have to use › layout: frontpage
#
layout: frontpage
header:
  image_fullwidth: header_unsplash_12.jpg
widget1:
  title: "Ustad Surjeet Singh"
  url:
  image:
  text: 'Ustaad Surjeet Singh is a <em>Sarangi</em> player based in the UK. He is a student of the famous Ram Narayan.</br></br>
        Born in Delhi in 1961, Ustad Surjeet Singh was initiated into Indian Classical Music by the <em>Satguru Jagjit Singh of the NaamDhari panth</em>. 
        &nbsp;At Bhaini Sahib, Ustad Surjeet Singh was trained in the playing of the Dilruba from <em>Ustad Gurdev Singh</em> and <em>Ustad Harbhajan Singh</em>, both of whom are now based in the UK.
        &nbsp;He later received vocal training but his love of the enchanting sound of the Sarangi led him to the great deity of the Sarangi, Pundit Ram Narayan in 1977. &nbsp;He spent the next 15 years of his life in training under Pundit ji. 
        In recent years, Ustad Surjeet Singh received guidance from <em>Pandit Hanuman Prasad Mishra (Banaras Gharana).</em> </br></br>
        Ustad ji often can be found performing at various concerts worldwide and shares with his students the blessings that were given to him throughout his training. 
        Ustad ji&#39;s technical mastery coupled with his traditional approach has won him admiration throughout the world. His proficiency in the art of <em>Khayal</em> and <em>Thumri</em> has led him to attract praise from the music world and the uninitiated alike. </br></br>
        Ustad ji has played extensively throughout India at various important festivals giving solo recitals as well as accompanying leading musicians such as <em>Ustad Salamat Ali Khan</em>, <em>Ustad Fateh Ali Khan</em>, <em>Pundit Rajan & Sajan Mishra</em> and <em>Shiri L K Pandit</em> amongst others. 
        He is also a recognised and graded artist of All India Radio. Ustad Surjeet Singh has played at numerous venues in Thailand, East Africa, Europe and America.</br></br>
        Currently residing in London, U.K, Ustad Surjeet Singh Ji has continued to impress. His music has appeared in the British Media providing background music for various television programmes on Channel 4. 
        Ustaad Surjeet Singh is currently taking on students to learn Dilruba, Esraaj (Taar Shernai), Taus and Sarangi. Please visit the <em>contact</em> page on this site for details. 
        He is mostly based in London but teaches all over the world.'
#
# Use the call for action to show a button on the frontpage
#
# To make internal links, just use a permalink like this
# url: /getting-started/
#
# To style the button in different colors, use no value
# to use the main color or success, alert or secondary.
# To change colors see sass/_01_settings_colors.scss
#
permalink: /index.html
#
# This is a nasty hack to make the navigation highlight
# this page as active in the topbar navigation
#
homepage: true
---

<div id="videoModal" class="reveal-modal large" data-reveal="">
  <div class="flex-video widescreen vimeo" style="display: block;">
    <iframe width="1280" height="720" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/3b5zCFSmVvU" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
  </div>
  <a class="close-reveal-modal">&#215;</a>
</div>
